<b>WARNING: </b> this guide doesn't work with Linux and Mac.

# This is deprecated

This guide is long deprecated because you **don't need** to compile manually.  
Artifacts are automatically generated by GitHub Actions.  
[Here](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/blob/master/COMPILE.md) is a guide on how to extract the
artifacts.

# Why

Why would you compile the mod?  
Because compiled versions of the mod have the newest features of all the releases.  
But the output might potentially be unstable and even crash your world.  
**Backup your world** before using a compiled version of the mod.

# Where from

When choosing where to compile from you have 2 options:
<ul>
<li>'master' branch. It's code is tested and works fine in 70-80% of cases</li>
<li>'dev' branch. It's code is the latest and newest and can break your world or crash your game</li>
</ul>
I recommend 'master' branch for most cases.

# Prerequisites

1. Download AdoptOpenJDK 1.8 HotSpot VM (other OpenJDK distributions aren't supported)
   from [here](https://adoptopenjdk.net/?variant=openjdk8&jvmVariant=hotspot)
2. Add Java to your path
3. Test it by running cmd.exe (Windows's default CLI tool) and typing ```java -version```

# Compiling

Download the ZIP file of your chosen branch by choosing it, clicking Code and then clicking Download ZIP.  
Unzip the file somewhere on your computer.  
Open cmd.exe and run ```cd $PATH_TO_THE_UNZIPPED_FOLDER$```.  
Then run ```gradlew build```. Without Gradle cache the process will take a while to complete.

# Where's the JAR

First, you want to
open [gradle.properties](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/blob/master/gradle.properties).  
Remember the value of the variable ```mod_version``` and ```minecraft_version```.  
Now open $PATH_TO_THE_UNZIPPED_FOLDER in Explorer.  
Then copy ```build/libs/improvedfood-$minecraft_version-$mod_version.jar``` and paste it into your mods folder.