COMPILE.md, before:

<b>WARNING: </b> this guide doesn't work with Linux and Mac.

# Why

Why would you compile the mod?  
Because compiled versions of the mod have the newest features of all the releases.  
But the output might potentially be unstable and even crash your world.  
<b>Backup your world</b> before using a compiled version of the mod.

# Where from

When choosing where to compile from you have 2 options:
<ul>
<li>'master' branch. It's code is tested and works fine in 70-80% of cases</li>
<li>'dev' branch. It's code is the latest and newest and can break your world or crash your game</li>
</ul>
I recommend 'master' branch for most cases.

# Prerequisites

1. Download AdoptOpenJDK 1.8 HotSpot VM (other OpenJDK distributions aren't supported)
   from [here](https://adoptopenjdk.net/?variant=openjdk8&jvmVariant=hotspot)
2. Add Java to your path
3. Test it by running cmd.exe (Windows's default CLI tool) and typing ```java -version```

# Compiling

Download the ZIP file of your chosen branch by choosing it, clicking Code and then clicking Download ZIP.  
Unzip the file somewhere on your computer.  
Open cmd.exe and run ```cd $PATH_TO_THE_UNZIPPED_FOLDER$```.  
Then run ```gradlew build```. Without Gradle cache the process will take a while to complete.

# Where's the JAR

First, you want to
open [gradle.properties](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/blob/master/gradle.properties).  
Remember the value of the variable ```mod_version``` and ```minecraft_version```.  
Now open $PATH_TO_THE_UNZIPPED_FOLDER in Explorer.  
Then copy ```build/libs/improvedfood-$minecraft_version-$mod_version.jar``` and paste it into your mods folder.

Commit message:

Added an artifact compile guide and deprecated the old one

COMPILE.md, after:

# About

This is a guide on how to get the latest compiled artifacts (builds) of the mod through GitHub Actions.  
If you want to compile manually (not recommended), use the deprecated guide [here](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/blob/master/COMPILE_DEPRECATED.md).  

# Why

After looking at the [Releases page](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/releases) you may wonder why would you use compiled builds over official releases.  
Compiled builds have the latest and hottest features of all, so you can get even more content from the mod.  
But the official releases are tested and mostly-stable, so you should **always** backup your worlds before using compiled builds.

# Requirements

The only requirement for getting the artifacts is any viable archive program.  
I recommend WinRAR or 7-Zip for that task, but you can use any decent archive program if you want.

# Choosing a branch

When choosing a branch, you have two options:

- 'master' branch. Its code is mostly tested and works 70-80% of the time
- 'dev' branch. Its code is very new and experimental, may cause crashes and world corruptions. Has the latest features of all

Most of the time, you should use 'master' branch

# Process

- Go to the [Actions tab](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/actions) of the repository
- Select [build](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/actions/workflows/build.yml) workflow from the Workflows bar
- Click on the title of the top workflow run with your desired branch near the title
- Go to the Artifacts section and click on the Artifacts link with a box on the left
- Now you will download the ```Artifacts.zip``` archive
- Using your archive program, extract the contents of the ```Artifacts.zip``` archive somewhere on your computer
- Now use the JAR file with the shortest name as your mod file

# Final steps

Now you can follow the guide in the Install section of the [README.md](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/blob/master/README.md).  
**Remember** to use your artifact JAR as the mod JAR, **not** the JAR from the [Releases page](https://github.com/RedGrapefruit09/ImprovedFood/releases)
